feat(v1): add InfluxDB v1.12.4 release notes for OSS and Enterprise (#7098)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1/about-the-project/release-notes.md

<span id="v1.12.x"></span>

## v1.12.4 {date="2026-04-13"}

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed `fatal error: concurrent map iteration and map write` panic in the TSI
  index that could crash InfluxDB during concurrent read and write operations.
  This was a regression introduced in v1.12.3 by an unnecessary backport from
  the 2.x branch that released a read lock before the underlying map was fully

>   iterated. The fix restores the original locking behavior.

Author: ```suggestion
  This was a regression introduced in v1.12.3. The fix restores the original locking behavior.
```

  [#27344](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb/pull/27344),

>   [#27343](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb/issues/27343)

Author: ```suggestion
```
